### Exercises 1.1-1
***
Give a real-world example that requires sorting or a real-world example that requires computing a convex hull.

### `Answer`
An excellent example of sorting involves the rearranging of files within a directory by date or alphabetical rank.

### Exercises 1.1-2
***
Other than speed, what other measures of efficiency might one use in a real-world setting?

### `Answer`
How to utilize computer memory as efficiently as possible in order to maximize resources.

### Exercises 1.1-3
***
Select a data structure that you have seen previously, and discuss its strengths and limitations.

### `Answer`
Singly Linked List with Head & Tail Pointers
* O(1) efficiency with adding/removing element to head or tail of the list
* O(n) efficiency with adding/removing element within the list
* Less storage due to only being singly linked (one direction)
* Lacks ability to traverse in the opposite direction
* Typical applications: Stack & Queues

### Exercises 1.1-4
***
How are the shortest-path and traveling-salesman problems given above similar? How are they different?

### `Answer`
* They both involve seeking the most cost efficient path in totality.
* Traveling-Salesman involves traveling to multiples points in a cost-effective manner
* Shortest-Path involves traverses from only point A to point B

### Exercises 1.1-5
***
Come up with a real-world problem in which only the best solution will do. Then come up with one in which a solution that is "approximately" the best is good enough.

### `Answer`
* Stock Market Software: Prices and other critical info need to be constantly updated due to the high stakes involved in this industry. Only the best is acceptable.
* GPS Directions: Generating directions from one point to the other while accounting for traffic and construction. This is a case where "approximately the best" is acceptable.


***
Follow [@AndrewRoe34](https://github.com/AndrewRoe34) on GitHub if interested in contributing
