### Exercises 2.1-1
***
Using Figure 2.2 as a model, illustrate the operation of INSERTION-SORT on the array A = {31, 41, 59, 26, 41, 58}.

### `Answer`
<insert image>

### Exercises 2.1-2
***
Rewrite the INSERTION-SORT procedure to sort into nonincreasing instead of nondecreasing order.

### `Answer`
<insert image>

### Exercises 2.1-3
***
Consider the **searching problem**:
<insert image>
Write pseudocode for **linear search**, which scans through the sequence, looking for *v*. Using a loop invariant, prove that your algorithm is correct. Make sure that your loop invariant fulfills the three necessary properties.

### `Answer`
<insert image>
Algorithm Proof:

#### Initialization:
  At the beginning before iteration, the subArray of all processed entries up to, but not including, the first index is *A[0]*. No elements have been skipped in the linear search.

#### Maintenance:
  Each iteration, an additional element is added to the subArray of all processed entries that were not the desired element. No elements have been skipped as wwe iterate toward array completions *A[1...n]*.
  
#### Termination:
  If we arrive at the desired value while within the array bounds *{1...n}*, we return the index of the desired value. However, after the *nth* iteration, i has surpassed the array's limits and thus we return NIL.
  
### Exercises 2.1-4
***
Consider the problem of adding two *n*-bit binary integers, stored in two *n*-elemnt arrays *A* and *B*. The sum of the two integers should be stored in binary form in an (*n* + 1)-element array *C*. State the problem formally and write pseudocode for adding the two integers.

### `Answer`
<Insert image>
Include formal proof


***
Follow [@AndrewRoe34](https://github.com/AndrewRoe34) on GitHub if interested in contributing
