### Exercises 2.2-1
***
Express the function (n^3)/1000 - 100n^2 - 100n C 3 in terms of Θ-notation.

### `Answer`
Θ(n^3)

### Exercise 2.2-2
***
Consider sorting n numbers stored in array A by first finding the smallest element
of A and exchanging it with the element in A[1]. Then find the second smallest
element of A, and exchange it with A[2]. Continue in this manner for the first n-1
elements of A. Write pseudocode for this algorithm, which is known as selection
sort. What loop invariant does this algorithm maintain? Why does it need to run
for only the first n - 1 elements, rather than for all n elements? Give the best-case
and worst-case running times of selection sort in Θ-notation.

### `Answer`

Include pseudocode link here

**Algorithm Proof**:

*Initialization*:

The sorted subset is initally empty with no values included. The unsorted set is the original array. Thus, no violations have occured so far.

*Maintenance*:

Each time, the smallest remaining value is selected from the unsorted set, removed from that set, and finally concatenated to the the sorted subset. Values added to the sorted subset can no longer be accessed, and the ordering of the subset is always sorted. This continues n-1 times.

*Termination*:

Once we have iterated n-1 times, we no longer have to worry about the last element since, by the property of induction, it is the nth smallest value remaining (and thus sorted order has been maintained).

Θ(n^2) <= T(n) <= Θ(n^2)

```
#include <stdio.h>
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <assert.h>

/**
 * @param A integer A
 * @param n length of array A
 */
void selectionSort(int *A, int n)
{
    for(int i = 0; i < n - 1; i++) {
        int minIndex = i;
        for(int j = i + 1; j < n; j++) {
            if(A[j] < A[minIndex]) minIndex = j;
        }
        int temp = A[i];
        A[i] = A[minIndex];
        A[minIndex] = temp;
    }
}

/**
 * Starting point of application
 */
int main()
{
    int A[] = {5, 4, 3, 2, 1};
    selectionSort(A, sizeof(A) / sizeof(int));
    assert(1 == A[0]);
    assert(2 == A[1]);
    assert(3 == A[2]);
    assert(4 == A[3]);
    assert(5 == A[4]);
    return 0;
}
```

### Exercise 2.2-3
***
Consider linear search again (see Exercise 2.1-3). How many elements of the input sequence need to be checked on the average, assuming that the element being
searched for is equally likely to be any element in the array? How about in the
worst case? What are the average-case and worst-case running times of linear
search in ‚-notation? Justify your answers.

### `Answer`

In the average case, n/2 elements will need to be checked (this accounts for the low and high comparisons on each end of the array). Thus, Θ(n).

In the worst case, n elements will be compared. Still, Θ(n).

Proof for Average Case: If best case is 1 and worst is n, we can take the average of these two as (1 + n)/2, which is still Θ(n).

### Exercise 2.2-4
***

### `Answer`
Adding a condition will allow the program to terminate if the desired outcome has been met. An example of this is with BubbleSort. Instead of just using the worst case scenario: n(n-1), you can provide an option that allows for a best case growth rate that is only Θ(n).


***
Follow [@AndrewRoe34](https://github.com/AndrewRoe34) on GitHub if interested in contributing
